Job description
Position Located: Los Angeles - Relocation assistance provided



Position Summary

The Director, Advanced Analytics is a key player within Mediabrands Analytics. A successful candidate has an entrepreneurial spirit, can engage clients in economic insights, and can drive strategic thinking into client marketing solutions. This person will lead a team focused on bringing advanced and innovative statistical techniques to bear on improving the performance of advertising campaigns in support of a portfolio of client accounts and will have a critical role in the design, consistency and quality of output on all projects. Will act as a key interface for clients and will work closely with Account Management to ensure projects are aligned to client business goals and strategy.



Essential Functions

Leads the implementation of advanced media analytics products on the West Coast
Serve as a key thought leader in aligning marketing analytics, modeling, machine learning, and AI with a client’s broader business goals and objectives.
Work with clients, agency leaders, and analytics leaders to understand, document, and clarify client needs related to performance analytics.
Provide ongoing analytical support for media/marketing modeling, attribution, and experiments for clients.
Write and present to clients, proposals for new projects, and the progress/results, of existing projects.
Lead thorough analytic responses to client strategic issues. Topics may include media-mix modeling, predictive analytics, multi-touch attribution, and machine learning.
Work in an integrated fashion with client marketing teams and internal marketing professionals to make recommendations based on analyses and experience
Work with internal stakeholders to enhance analytic processes and develop new capabilities to increase real-time media allocation optimization.
Proven track record of dealing directly with clients is required.
Communication skills to convert complex analytical processes into easily digestible communications is key for both technical and non-technical audiences.
Lead a team of 3-5 people.
Qualifications

Education:

Bachelors or Master’s preferred in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, finance, or economics
Work Experience:

9+ years’ experience in media planning or media analytics, including at least 2 years working in sales and implementation role, for marketing mix modeling, (multi-touch attribution a plus)
Demonstrated success in helping clients take concrete action based on analytics and data
Skills:

Curiosity
Collaboration, including ability to drive clarity in a multi-stakeholder environment
Technical sales, sales support, or solutions design, especially in a dynamic technology and data environment
Expertise with advanced analytic techniques (e.g., multivariate regression, Bayesian shrinkage, logistic regression, etc.) and data visualization software (e.g., Tableau, Datorama, etc.).
Strong understanding of the US data and ad tech ecosystem essential, with a focus on Media (e.g., impression, GRP, post-click conversions etc.), Measurement analytics, Quantitative business measures (LTV, ROI, Effectiveness, etc.), and Statistics (Correlations, sample sizing, t-value VIF etc.).
Presentation development and delivery
Leadership and change management
Strong written and verbal communication
Ability to engage, develop, and give feedback to drive success of colleagues not reporting to you directly
